# Challenges-in-modelling-industry
The modeling industry can be extremely difficult to work. To be a model there is few things which you have to work precisely. While all careers have their pressures, being successful in the world of fashion sometimes comes with strings attached. This industry is competitive and there are so many challenges.  Posture A good posture can totally change someone’s look. The posture plays an important role in becoming a successful model. Posture is not just standing straight its more on the body balance. Stand in front of a mirror, with a straight vertical indicator behind you, Look at your reflection carefully. Does your head lean slightly to one side? Are your shoulders even? If not, try to get everything even and see how it feels. Height and lift helps to give a good posture. When it comes to the height it’s not just stretching your neck or extending your spine. To get a natural lift you have to start with your legs. The foundation should be firm then concentrate on the chest, lungs and then extend your spine as you do. Also, make sure that your head is not leaning forward and light on your neck.  MAKE UP We all know that good makeup can make you look flawless but a bad makeup can make you look dull. Every model first needs to know how to do their makeup naturally because if you can learn to bring out your natural beauty first then lot of the other stuff is like a piece of cake. If you don't feel comfortable doing your own makeup, then find a good makeup artist. Good hair is just as important as makeup. It can also make or break a photo. For example, you can have the most amazing wardrobe and the most amazing makeup but if that hair is off the whole image is off so again learn to do your own. Keep your eye brow's shaped and if you the your hair keep it maintained. There is nothing worse than crazy eyebrow's and some serious roots.   DIET  Diet is plays an important role in models lifestyle. The diet may vary from a person to person based on their body structure and height. It is always good to consult and also have a personal doctor for the diet tips. There is some basic thing which helps you to become a successful model. They are like keeping a healthy lifestyle by drinking a lot of water, work-out regularly, get sufficient sleep and avoid cigarettes and alcohol. Look after your skin and your hair: use skin &amp; hair care products, keep make-up at a minimum, take off your make-up every night and go for a regular trim.  MODELLING AGENCY  Approaching a good Modeling agencies is not only important, it is tough too. There are a number of agencies that cannot give you the required exposure and in return might do more harm than good. Hence, before approaching any agency make sure you have made yours researches and approach only such agencies that actually have the experience of launching real models.  CONCLUSION DTouchModel is the best place to start you modeling career. With expert guidance and tips, we have helped a lot of young modeling enthusiasts to shape their career. For more information visit http://www.dtouchmodel.com 
